PositionCamera(Story21_CamPos)
FocusCamera(Story21_CamLookSea)

TeleportNPC(Lydia;Story21_LydiaPos)
SetNPCRotation(Lydia;-90)

TeleportNPC(Pearl;Story21_PearlPos)
SetNPCRotation(Pearl;-90)

PositionPlayer(Story21_PlayerPos)
RotationPlayer(-90)

Dialog(Lydia;The view is really pretty. Right, Arthur ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Yes. It's always refreshing to come here once in a while.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>Back when we were younger, we would come here almost everyday.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>This island is peaceful, almost disconnected from the world.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Lydia;When you see this, it's easy to forget that a storm is coming soon...;Lydia;false)

FocusCamera(Story21_CamLookNPC)
Dialog(Lydia;Speaking of storm. Do you want to talk about what you investigated on ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;... I thought you didn't want to anger the witch ?;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Well... you managed to investigate her room without dying, right ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;So... maybe it was a human after all. Or maybe a suicide.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;I'm pretty sure we have a human murderer on the loose.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Really ? What is your reasonning ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Well, I found some pieces of evidence that suggest that the whole witch thing was a lure.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;A lure ? You, mean... The mark is a fake ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;That's what I think. But to sum up my reasonning...;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;The witch wouldn't have struggled with Mother before killing her.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;She would have killed her instantly and brutaly instead.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;I also found a piece of purple clothing. I think it belongs to the culprit.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;A witch wouldn't have lost such a thing. Hence why I think we are not dealing with one.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;I believe that someone sneaked up on Mother to kill her.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;She fought back and managed to tear up a piece of clothing from her attacker.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;However, they managed to kill her shortly afterwards.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;They must have known the family well. Because they must have got the idea of the mark from Father.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;They knew that a witch mark would scare Father, and that nobody would be allowed to investigate.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;You deduced that much ? .... You practicly solved everything, right ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;But, do you know who did it, then ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;No. But I suspect one of the domestics did it.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;The door to Mother's room was locked, and they were the only one that could open it.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Father couldn't have done it, since he was in his study the whole time.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;One of... us...;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Robert, Esther, Peter, Olivier and me...;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Somehow, I wish it was a witch... I can't see why any of them could have killed her...;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Maybe it was someone else, but the chances are low.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;But I don't suspect you, if you were worried. You have no motive.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Thank you. But... I sure hope that you were right.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Why is that ?;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;If you are wrong and it is a witch. She'll surely be angry at you.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;God knows what she would do, then.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Don't worry. I'm confident in my deductions.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;I see. That's a relief.;Lydia;false)

Dialog(Pearl;Uncle Arthur, who is this witch you are talking about ? Is she your friend ?;Pearl;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>I forgot she was here... It wasn't wise to speak around her.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>Oh well. I guess I can at least awnser her question.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;The witch is said to live on this island. She apparently hides in the mountain.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;According to Father, she is trying her best to scare him out of the island.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Right. I remember him talking about someone opening and closing windows at nights.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Yes. And a few years ago, a shrine appeared out of nowhere in a cave.;Player;false)
Dialog(Arthur;And on this day forward, Father started doing research on witches.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;It just... appeared ? Now I'm actually getting scared.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Do you have an explaination about that too ? Or is it really the work of a witch ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Well, no. But I must have been a joke of some sort.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;I sure hope so...;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Anyway... She is also rumored to be able to kill anyone in mere seconds, without even touching them.;Player;false)
Dialog(Pearl;Scary...;Pearl;false)
Dialog(Arthur;True. But don't worry. She probably doesn't exists.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Right. There are explainations to these surnatural events.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;... Oh ! I just forgot, I have to help Peter with today's meals.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;I see. You can go without me, I'll stay here a little longer.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Okay. Wait, I have something to tell you before going.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;This purple piece of clothing you found, is it really the murderer's ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Yes, I can't see why it would be there otherwise. Mother doesn't have a purple dress to my knowledge.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;I see. Well, did you know there is a VIP staying at the manor from time to time ?;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;No. That's the first time I hear about this.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Well, I don't know her well. But all I know for sure is that she wears a purple dress.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;But you'll have to ask your Father about her. He is the one who told us to hide she was here.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Because she is here, right now ?;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Yes. I brought her her breakfast just this morning.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Arthur;I see. I'll dig deeper on this matter.;Player;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Alright. Thank you for coming with me today.;Lydia;false)
Dialog(Lydia;Well, time to go, Pearl.;Lydia;false)


FocusCamera(Story21_CamLookSea)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>All this talk about witches. They don't even exist.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>I solved Mother's murder, and the shrine's appearence can surely be explained.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>I will find Mother's murderer. I will.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>...</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;<color=blue>I gazed at the ocean for a few minutes.</color>;NONE;false)
Dialog(Arthur;Well. Time to get back to the manor. Lunch must be prepared by now.;Player;true)

SetSaveItem(OBJECTIVE;16)
SetSaveItem(STORY;22)
SetNPCFollowPlayer(Pearl;false)
SetNPCFollowPlayer(Lydia;false)
SetNPCHidden(Pearl;true)
SetNPCHidden(Lydia;true)